Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com.
From Hansel minutes.com it's
Hansel minutes, a weekly discussion
with web developer and technologist
Scott Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan
announcing show number four 41.
In this episode, Scott talks
with Craig  about choosing
a Java JavaScript framework. Hi,
this is Scott Hanselman. This
is another episode of Hansel
minutes, and I'm talking with
Craig McKenzie. How are you,
sir? I'm great. Today. I'm
pretty stoked about this conversation
because you I've written a
book. You've actually self published,
a book called the JavaScript
framework guide that basically breaks
it all down. Like there's
more than just angular, there's
angular and backbone and Ember
and knockout and all these
different things to choose from.
There's lots of information on
how to use angular and
there's lots of information on
why embers the best, but
not a lot of people
telling me how to choose
which one. Yeah. I tried
to have that different insight.
I mean, I wanted to
say to big fan of
the show, so glad to
be on Scott on the
show, but yeah, not a
lot of information on how
to choose. And I think,
I think people still are
a little confused about things
where things start and where
the things pick up. So
there's a lot of choice.
There's more choice, like with
rails, it's like here's rails
and you can pick some
things, but you have to
be pretty sophisticated before you
start really swapping out huge
chunks of rails and with
asp.net MVC, you know, 80,
90% of people use what
it comes with, but on
the JavaScript side, there's a
lot of choice. Yes, yes.
Almost an overwhelming amount of
choice. And I kinda, you
know, I've been a developer
for 15 years and I
saw that, that pain of
just, how do I keep
up with all this stuff
and which of it, you
know, which of this stuff
matters like, and can I
just use some jQuery, like,
like why isn't my old
way of doing applications, you
know? Okay. Somebody explain all
this to me and that's
where the books come from.
And why do I need
model view controller on the
server versus the client or
both? You know what I
mean? Like this, this idea
that I've just, I know,
again, I'm talking kind of
in the mind of the
listener, hopefully I just learned
MVC on the server and
now I have another controller
and another whole series of
views on the client and
I need to have those
working in and people are
like, well, does this kill
MVC on the server? And
then everything moves to the
Right. And I think that's,
that's an important sort of,
you know, I, I think
the best way to explain
it is from an architectural
perspective, like you, you are
probably at this point making
a commitment to, I wouldn't
say killing everything on the
server, but there's, there's a
shift in architecture between what
I would like to call
like a, a classic, you
know, server side MVC framework,
like asp.net MVC, right? And
a client side, MPC framework
like backbone, Ember, or angular.
The easiest way to think
about the difference to me
is, you know, you, where
is the data and the
template or the HTML mixed
together. So in the case
of, you know, asp.net MVC,
you got your razor view,
you got some, you got
a view model or a
model of some sort in
your using the razor, a
template engine to kind of
bring that together on the
server. Whereas with these frameworks,
what you're doing is you're
sending that data down to
the client as Jason and
you're sending static templates that
look a lot like a
razor view. So in other
words, H chunks of HTML
with interspersed dynamic parts to
them, and you're sending those
templates down to the client.
And then in JavaScript on
the client side, they're being
assembled, brought together in the
browser. So the browser is,
is the main meat of
the application of the JavaScript
code running in the browser
is what's bringing that those
templates and that data together
on the client. And so
you really are, you're not
throwing away what you do
on the server because you
still need to serve those
static HTML resources. You still
need to serve JavaScript files.
You still need to do
your CSS and so forth.
You're you still need an
API, like a web API
back there, but, but you
are kind of, you know,
the people get confused are
the people who kind of
see their application stuck in
the middle, where they, they
do a classic asp.net MVC
application. They, they they're close
to the metal. They like
it. They render it, but
then they start doing more
and more, you know, Ajax
and calls and more in
the jQuery code in their
client becomes bigger and bigger
as they try to do
more elaborate things on the
client. And at some point
that gets to be a
little bit of a mess.
I mean, we can talk
about that more, but, but,
but that's sort of the
idea there. So you, like,
if you start, we can,
we're using ads, but enough
as an example, but this
applies to PHP and rails
and kind of any, any,
any situation where, as you
said on the server side,
the HTML meets the data
or the template rather meets
the data. And HTML is
produced in a, in an
MVC or in a classic
kind of style on the
server. And that comes across
when we start adding progressively
enhanced bits of JavaScript, whether
be J query or plain
JavaScript, or as you said,
Ajax type things, you start
blurring the lines about who's
really responsible for what. Right.
Right. And I think, you
know, like I have this
sort of list of telltale
signs. I go over in
the book as to where
the line, when you, like,
what are the signs that
your application is getting to
this point, right? Like your
way where the lines are
getting blurred. And, you know,
one, one I like to
think about is, is the
templates are being duplicated on
the server and the clients.
So if you think about
that, progressive and progressively enhanced
web application, you described that
most people are doing right
now, you've got a razor
view on the server and
you may have the same
copy of that raise review
in handlebars or one of
the template and engines in
JavaScript. And you might have
that same template. And so
that's very and dry, you
know, as we're used to
it, you're really repeating yourself
quite a bit there, same
thing with the models, right?
You've got this view model
or, or domain model on
your server that you're binding
into your view up there.
And, but then you also
have sort of that same
state, you know, in the
client in jQuery. And you
know, the other big sign
you see is like, I
mean, I, I've done this
a million times where you
have like, you're storing database
IDs in Dom elements and
then, you know, going and
calling find, or first on
'em to get the ID
back out. So you can
go re and rehydrate the
state of that object because
you didn't, you know, you
don't have all the state,
you know, you, haven't committed
to having your application and
JavaScript on the client if
you will, But some duplication
is inevitably going to happen.
Right. How do you know
what's a good amount of
duplication? Cause the thing is,
there's a model. And then
there's very likely a model
of some kind of database,
or at least if you're
using an ER type of
a situation, a SQL situation,
then there's the model in
memory, as it moves through
the web server per month,
maybe. And then there's a
model and Java script is,
you know, you're moving data
from one shape to the
other is the goal to
avoid that entirely and just
stay in Jason the entire
time, just take it right
out of adjacent store, send
it right across the wire,
maybe a minor transformation. And
then Jason, all the way
to the end. You know,
I don't know that that's
the necessarily the goal. I
think there will be some
layers in between, especially as
the application becomes more elaborate
as you hit it at,
you know, you need some
layers of abstraction in there.
You're not just gonna expose
your database to the, to
the web via Jason or
whatever. So I think, you
know, you bring up a
good point. I think the
problems come in when you're
sort of half committed on
both sides, you know, you
don't have this clear architecture,
you know, it's okay. If
you put some layers in
knowing that you're going to
need those layers, but if
you're sort of building your
app half on the client
side and JavaScript and half
on the server, that's where,
where, you know, the real
problem comes in and no,
no, it's not a perfect
world. Scott, of course, right?
Like these things w w
we'll definitely duplications some places.
And I think, you know,
the one thing that's always
It's puzzling to me that
I still haven't come to
grips with is, you know,
this idea of is the
model that you bring down
to the client, you know,
via Jason in this, from
this web API, is this
a view model, or is
this a real model model,
you know, domain model. And
so that's, that's something that
I've heard even framework authors
differ on. Can you, well,
why do they differ on
that? Why and why are
there two kinds of models?
Why does the model and
the database so different often
from the model and the
view? I think it's different.
I mean, at least with
me Scott, and I think
a lot of your listeners
will have experienced this when
I was, you know, building
asp.net, MVC applications, adding that
extra layer of a view
model became really useful, particularly
in situations where you're like
validating, let's say you've got
a data input and you
want to input a date
and you might have that
date be knowledgeable because it's
not a required field on
the UI, or you might
even have it be a
required field and have it
available on the, on the
view model. But in your
actual model of your database,
you want it, you want
that field to be required,
you know, to, to not
be knowledgeable. And this leaves
you sort of a layer
to do sort of UI
type validation things and to
shape, Shape the Model based
on the UI. Another common
example of, you know, that
difference of the view model
or presentation model versus the
domain model is the whole,
you know, you need a
count of how many items
are currently shown on the
screen. You know, it's a
very view centric type thing.
So I think I'm not
sure if I answered the
entire question there, but, but
that's how I, that's why
I think, you know, view
models are useful in terms
of, you know, JavaScript and
JavaScript MBC. I see people
differing because sometimes some people
see the value in that
view model. And I think
some have not quite realized,
you know, that it's needed
some of the frameworks, maybe
don't haven't realized, or they're
not the terms get mixed,
right. People reuse terms to
mean different things. I don't
know how to describe that
better, but a good example
is Amber, a lot of
people, if you really study
Ember as a framework, the
ironic thing is the controller.
Although it does control her,
like things, they have a
thing called a route in
there as well. That's not
a router, but, but long
story short, the controller really
Is sort of like a
M View model in some
ways where it has, it's
a very view model. It
has all the view model
properties on it, as well
as some behavior. So it's,
it's not, it's not apples
to apples with your server
side MBC framework, you know,
and it gets confusing where
where's the right place to
put things. It seems like
people take a angular Amber
and then backbone and they
refer them all kind of
at the same time. And
you see lots and lots
of articles where it's this
versus this versus this it's
angular versus backbone versus Ember.
And one of the things
that comes up a lot
is this notion of being
opinionated, some frameworks. I think
Amber is probably a good
example that says we are
unapologetically opinionated, right? Like here's
the way you write applications
and then others. And I
would probably use backbone as
an example of one that's
a little bit like, Hey,
you know, here's some things
enjoy, you know what I
mean? And I think, you
know, to say that there
it's a little bit unopinionated
is an understatement, right? Like
backbone has almost like, it
can be almost frustrating at
times how little opinion it
has, but sometimes people, you
know, I think some developers
just love this, right? The,
the, the guy that likes
to invent things, the developer
that likes to invent things,
this leaves them a lot,
a lot of freedom, you
know? So, so yeah. And
that's definitely true in terms
of opinionated and, and convention
and stuff, embers, the most
convention over configuration opinionated framework,
very much out of the
rails community and so forth.
Do you, That's because of
the people who wrote these
things, like, should I read
into the men and women
who've worked on these projects
and say, Oh, I like
this programmer because they're really
opinionated. Therefore I will like
their framework, you know, should
I, should I be making
my decisions on my framework
based on where I wear
myself? Like how much guidance
I want on my own
personal slider bar from two
super opinionated. Right. I think
that that's, it's Definitely something,
a it's an input in
the formula, right? Like it's,
it's, it's, there's so many
facets to choosing one, but
that is one that I
do bring up, you know,
in the book. It's one
that I've written about online.
And I think a very
valid one, like people should
realize, you know, who wrote
these things? Who are these
people, what background do they
come from? Do they agree
with their opinions? You know,
what were the, what other
frameworks were they inspired by
and so forth? You know,
I, I like to, you
know, one thing I like
to talk about is, you
know, whenever you hear like
a great music musician who
just like, maybe not a
great musician, but a musician
who just, you know, put
out an album or something
like that, they get interviewed
by journalists. And the journalists
often says, you know, who
were your influences when you
were growing up? You know,
that sort of thing. And
I think that there is,
there's a similar thing to
be learned online about JavaScript,
MBC frameworks. So for example,
if you look at angular
JS WPF and silver light
and flex are named as
major influencers of those. So
if you're in that camp
where you're sort of afraid
of the future of some
of those technologies or, or,
you know, you want some
needs more web centric, you
know, technology stack, for whatever
reasons in your, in your
corporation, you can feel pretty
good that, that the very
declarative nature of WPF and
Silverlight type apps is what
you're going to get. If
you choose angular. I really
like Just backing up just
a little bit. I really
liked the idea of looking
at the people's influences. I
like that analogy. I mean,
you, you might listen to
a musician and go, yeah.
You know, I can hear
that Jimmy Hendrix influenced there,
you know, rarely do I
hear that kind of stuff
amongst web developers. I don't
know if it's a lack
of a sense of history.
I think that amongst language
walks amongst F sharp people
who might say, Oh yeah,
well, you can definitely see
the, you know, the Oh,
camel, you know, influence in
that particular language feature. I
maybe I'm not listening to
the right people. I hopefully
I'm not speaking incorrectly here,
but I don't hear that
a lot. And I like
that idea that that is
another input. As you say,
into the formula that like,
you know, what were they
influenced by? What, what kind
of an application were they
building? That's another great question.
When, when so-and-so built Ember,
they built it for a
reason. Like when, when DHH
built rails, he was building
it as a generalized thing,
but he was also building
base camp. Right, right. So
he had a reason to
build this. Yeah. I think
that, I think that's, that's
a good to understand, you
know, where these people are
coming from. I think when
Jeremy Ashkin has built backbone,
you know, he was largely
in a, in a jQuery
or plain old JavaScript world.
And he was just improving
the world he was in,
which was, you know, I've
got jQuery and I'm really
good at JavaScript, but I'm
still writing a lot of
repeated code over and over
again. And I like these,
I'm embracing these micro frameworks.
I like the fact that,
you know, I want a
really light framework and I
want a really unopinionated framework
because I know what I'm
doing here. You know, so
that's another example. And then
the rails one is what
you said with like DHH
and, you know, convention over
configuration, you know, asp.net, MVC
is, you know, based on
these same ideals or whatever.
And I think, you know,
that's what you're going to
get with Amber. I mean,
it looks scarily like, you
know, the rails API APIs,
right. When you look at
it and, and it's so
Yehuda Katz and Tom Dale
are the major, you know,
public figures on the Ember
project. And they came from,
you know, you who to
Katz was, is on the
core team or was on
the core team of rails.
He was also on the
core team of jQuery or
is not sure, but you
can see their influences, you
know, they're so just, just
looking at that and saying,
Hey, which one of these
guys, you know, which these
past technologies do I associate
with not to beat this
to death. But another interesting
thing that a lot of
people don't realize is angular
JS came a large influence
from the Java community in
particular, what people love about
it is its testability and
the dependency injection and all
those IOC containers, like in
particular, they have the authors
will mention juice when they
talk about the inspiration for
angular JS, which is a
popular IOC container used at
Google quite a bit in
Java server side applications. So,
you know, they were saying,
Hey, we, we like to
write our applications, you know,
have them be testable. And
the way we achieve this
is through IOC containers, the
dependency injection. So we're going
to build a framework that
makes that really easy to
fall in the pit of
success with that. And I
think it's important to point
out that we're not talking
about overly focusing on individuals
or individual personalities, but rather
in my opinion, on the
values Or valued at the
time that someone wrote this,
You know, what was the
thing that they valued? We're
not trying, I'm not trying
to make a value judgment
saying that like, Oh, rails
is good or, Oh, rails
is bad. Okay. But if
you like their API, If
you value their design style,
if you find there That
is attractive, then This JavaScript
framework might be more interesting
to you. Right. Like I
use it in the analogy
I've used a lot about,
Hey, you like rails, you
like Ruby, maybe check out
coffee script because it's coffee
script is kind of what,
Hey, Ruby person would like
Scholarship to look like, Hey,
like C-sharp maybe look at
TypeScript because it's kind of
what a C sharp person
wishes JavaScript looks like. So
if you, if you really
are enamored with rails or
if you really are enamored
with a, you know, several
lights, style development, maybe look
at this framework or look
at that framework. So thinking
about the individual is one
way to look at it,
but the other way is
what do you value? And
does it align With what
those other framers value, right.
That's exactly the point. That's
great. That's great. Is that
true? Okay, good. Well, I'm
glad I was just making
that up. Okay. So in,
in, in your guide, do
you, do you have an
opinion, do you let your
opinion leak or do you
try to be agnostic? You
know, I have an opinion.
I try not to let
it leak because, you know,
just to give you a
little background on myself, my
dad ran a, was the
editor at a small town
newspaper, and I was a
journalism minor in college. And
I think, you know, one
of my sort of innate
strengths is being able to
be unbiased about things, but
that doesn't mean not having
an opinion or reporting exactly
what is really going on
with things, but it just
means not being like too
much of a, a blind
fan of a given framework.
So I think, you know,
I'm able to look at
each one and say, you
know, I don't like that
about backbone. That it's unopinionated,
but here's why it would,
you know, here's the kind
of person that would like
it. And instead of just,
you know, you know, talking
poorly about it because, you
know, it's not, I try
to kind of keep it
even keel in like there's
a chapter that's a pro
and cons of the frameworks
and just sort of lists
out pros and cons of
each framework, because it's not,
it's not a simple formula.
Like this one is the
greatest and write off all
the other ones. It's more
of a, you know, what's
right for your project. What's
right. For your resources. What's
right. For aesthetics, you know,
as a developer, all of
these kinds of things really
figure into it, the, the
philosophy thing and the inspiration
thing we talked about before,
stuff like that. So I
talk a lot about that
stuff. So I like to
think, you know, I, I
give a strong opinions in
the book, but I try
to stay unbiased. What about
kind of the elephant in
the room, which is just
JavaScript, just vanilla JS. You
know, why, why do I
need a framework? And I
know that for some people,
they still love jQuery for
others. People are starting to
feel that jQuery is kind
of falling out of favor
for vanilla JS, there's even
joke websites like vanilla-js.com that
I use in my talks
to remind people of, Hey
folks, you don't need so
many abstractions. Yeah. I think
that, you know, there are
frameworks like backbone. If you're
a person who, who leans
that way, you, you need,
let me put it this
way. My opinion is you
need something, right. Why you
wouldn't, you wouldn't, are you
using asp.net MVC and not
using classic ASP or you're
not writing C plus plus
what, what's the old thing?
The old IAS plugins I
sappy was the word I
was looking for. Scott. He
came up with, it takes
me back, but you're not
writing. I sappy plugins anymore.
You know, you need some
level of abstraction. It's just
whatever level are you comfortable
with taking on the responsibility
for it, which, you know,
when you, when you play
with these things and you
use use these applications, which
one does it doesn't make
you feel constrained too much
constrained by their opinions. Right.
Cause you know, these frameworks
could go so far as
to do a lot for
you. Like, you know, I
don't want to get it
to this day, but you
know, like at some point
web forums, you know, became
the villain, you know, in
the world. And again, that's
a different conversation, but I
will say that that web
forums has value. It's just
a different kind of value.
You know what I mean?
Like there are people out
there still making great applications
and VB six, they just
may not necessarily be the,
of trying to get an
old style framework to fit
into a new world is
definitely not reasonable. Right. Right.
And I'm not saying like
the me saying that wasn't
about trying to say, you
know, web forms is bad.
It's more saying it's a
higher level of abstraction than
asp.net MVC. And so, and
I think there are freight,
the frameworks are perfectly valid
for different types of developers
doing different kinds of jobs
and so forth. So it's
the same thing applies to
these framework. Now. That's interesting.
So, so that's good. So
the level of abstraction at
which you choose to work
at kind of dictates what
you're going to be thinking
out, thinking about and the
kinds of problems that you're
going to be solving. So
for example, web forms is
a way of hiding some
of the, the statelessness or
most of the statelessness and
the tediousness of, of, of
HTML and HTTP and how
it works, angular backbone, Amber,
do they hide things from
you and are they hiding
HTTP things or are they
hiding JavaScript, isms like jQuery
hid, you know, a lot
of the complexities between browser
implementations, they hit, they invented
this CSS selector concept, jQuery
made that, you know, kind
of a nonissue for a
while. There was a time
there were just simply getting
a Dom element was a
challenge. Those days are over.
Right. And now we have
different kinds of problems. Yeah.
I think, you know, one
way I like to talk
about JavaScript script, the MVC
frameworks is to talk about
like, what are the features
that are, that are in
this JavaScript framework? Like what
is really the pieces that
make it up that are
value add. Right. So, okay.
A router for example, is
a value add. So let's
just quickly addressing what a
router is and an MVC
framework. Well, it's exactly what
you're used to it being
on the server in rails
or asp.net MVC, or, you
know, not NBC, you know,
web forums now, right? It's,
it's take a, it maps
a URL to a chunk
of code it at the
minimum with these frameworks. So,
but what's happening is instead
of that router running on
the server, it's running on
the client. So you're there
in JavaScript and you click
a link, but instead of
that, making a request to
the server, you know, the
link doesn't actually that gets
hijacked by JavaScript and it
says, Oh, this person wanted
to go here. So what
do I want to do
because of that? What code
do I want to run
because of that. And then
what do I want to
change the URL to, to
reflect that new state that
the person is moving to
in the application or the
new page, you know, sort
of virtual page that they're
moving to in a single
page application. So Didn't you
say that, that one of
the frameworks you use the
word router and it wasn't
really a router. Yeah. So
it's actually Ember uses the,
they have a router and
it is a router, as
you would expect. They also
have these objects called route
objects, which are something that
is not seen in any
of the other framework. And
people often get confused as
to what a route object
is and including myself when
I was first learning and
what you know, that, that
sort of thing, and what
a route is, it's sort
of, this is a bigger
conversation, but in summary, they
use it to sort of
wire up their model before
the controller starts to work
on it basically. So they
use it to go fetch
data and, and do stuff.
There's other stuff that it
does. But in a nutshell,
that's a good way to
describe it an Ember. So
without getting too deep into
that though, but the general
concepts are, are, are the
same though. I mean their
route routes exists. Routes responsibilities
are clear as are controllers
and how those things work.
Right? So just to continue
with what other features are
in, you know, JavaScript, MVC
application, real quickly, data buying
is a big one, right?
So this is not an
unfamiliar concept to those of
us. Who've worked in richer
applications and WPF Silverlight, et
cetera, windows forms. So, but
so you understand what database
by is, but you know,
an interesting point is backbone.
Doesn't actually have data binding
out of the box. You
kind of have to write
a decent amount of code
to get a data binding
working. There's plenty of plugins
that help you with this,
but it's not part of
the framework. So it's very,
you know, bare bones in
that way, but you know,
there's off, but then people
often criticize like, you know,
angular because, you know, it's
awesome when you first do
the first demo and everything,
data binds both ways, but
at some point, you know,
there can be performance concerns
with, with the data binding.
So it's, you know, it's
all trade offs, you know,
you've got that great two-way
data binding that you're used
to on the server. And
an interesting point is I
believe, you know, in the
history of frameworks, like knockout
was the first one to
really come with that data
binding idea. And Steve Sanderson,
you know, the, his framework
to come out with that
idea. And, and you know,
now a lot of people
think of that as an
angular specific thing, especially outside
the.net world where a Steve's
known a little better, but
I think that's an interesting
thing to know, but the
what's what's different about knockout
is at least until recently,
it's been pretty focused on
just at that data binding
feature and sort of, you
know, when you buy, when
you, when you get applications
in a company you might
choose to buy to like
a best of breed approach
and you might buy three
different applications that are the
best of breed in, in
like a CRM and a
marketing application and in a
general ledger system and then
wire them together through integrations,
right. Or you might try
to, you know, choose to
buy a suite where all
these things kind of automatically
work together. So when you
get talk about something like
angular, it's more of a
suite where, you know, all
these framework pieces are in
the box and working together.
Whereas something like backbone takes
our knockout. I'm sorry. It
takes of the opinion. Okay.
There's, there's a lot of
good routing libraries out there
like Sammy JS and history
JS. And so you use
that for that. And then
for the data binding use,
use me over here. And
then, you know, for the,
some of these other features,
we'll talk about, use other
things. So, and I think
that it's, you know, not
as popular as it was
at one point knockout, and
I think they're moving to,
you know, adding some more
of the features that other
frameworks have, you know, to
sort of compete in that
world. One other question I
wanted to ask as we
kind of come to the
closing here is that there's
other things that are kind
of more fundamental, like module
loaders and things like that.
And, you know, they started
with things like require JS
and now the idea of
a module and a module
loader, or being kind of
built into the language. What
do I need to know
about those and loaders as
you know, script loaders, as
I think about selecting a
framework, I think the short
answer is they all work
with most frameworks. So it's,
it's just a, you know,
pick that as a separate
choice or, you know, with
some frameworks they have enough,
or at least they have
a lot in that area,
like take angular or Amber
in particular, they sort of
angle angular has a module
concept, which is, you know,
modules for dinette. People are
namespaces. I mean, it's, you
know, we could come from
the Ruby world, they call
them, you know, module, or
there's more of a, you
know, it's not a one
to one mapping, but it's
essentially a place to organize
your code, you know, so
that it's not just all
floating out there in the
global namespace. And so Agular
can be a little more
confusing when you first looking
at it, but it's very,
it's written so that you
can kind of namespace everything
without really knowing, being that
good of a JavaScript programmer
by default. And you kind
of fall into the pit
of success. And I think
that's another reason people have
liked it. And Amber, Amber
has some of those same
traits along those lines. So
all that to say, you
might not have as much
of a need for a
module loader with some of
those other frameworks. I'm not
going to get, want to
get too much hate mail
because you know, there's people
who, you know, you still
need it. And yes, those
frameworks do a lot more,
you know, a browser FYS
is a very popular one
lately is what I've been
hearing. If you kind of
want the latest, but I
think they're still evolving, right?
Like all those module frameworks,
the standards seem to be
set, but, but they're still
evolving. It was definitely a
challenge to try to figure
out what the right decision
is. And we talked a
little bit at the beginning
about all the different people
and personalities. And as you
start getting deeper and deeper,
you think, Oh, well, I'll
use a AMD. That's, you
know, asynchronous module definition. And
then you poke around and
you find blog posts from
someone like Tom Dale of
Ember. Who's like, AMD is
not the answer. Like, Oh,
well, let's see Like a
good idea at the time,
you know? And Then you
won, you know, I think
what do I know? Right.
I'm just the one who
wants to learn. So it's,
it's difficult, but I appreciate
that. You've, you've put all
of this in a book
and we can go and
explore that. And you actually
made a website for Hansel
minutes. Listeners. You can check
that out. It funny aunt
F U N Y a
N T. Just like, it
sounds funny. aunt.com/hanselman. You got
a discount for listeners. That's
super nice of you. Yeah.
So from a couple of
weeks, at least. So when
you hear this, please try
to go right away. If
you have interest 20% off
for, for a couple of
weeks, because podcasts are a
little vague on timing and
so forth. It's true. Podcasts
do live forever. Right? Right.
If you know, after that,
if, if you miss that
time window, just go to
JavaScript framework, guide.com and you'll
get to the same, same
page. Pretty cool. Well, thanks
so much, Craig Mickey for
chatting with me today, it
was a pleasure. This has
been another episode of Hanselminutes
and we'll see you again
next week. .